Make secure password completely optional (#4085)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/four-radios-tickle.md

---
"@blitzjs/auth": major
"@blitzjs/codemod": minor
---

## ⚠️ Breaking Changes for Blitz Auth

> Automatically upgrade (Make sure to git commit before running this command to avoid losing changes)

Author: ```suggestion
Automatically upgrade using codemod
(Make sure to git commit before running this command to avoid losing changes)
```

```bash
npx @blitz/codemod secure-password
```

> Introduce a new path to import the Blitz wrappers `SecurePassword` to fully decouple the library from `@blitzjs/auth`

Author: ```suggestion
Introduce a new import path for the Blitz wrapper `SecurePassword` to fully decouple the library from `@blitzjs/auth`
```
